Dear Mr. Le:

I am sorry to inform you that your manuscript

Scalar and Representative Observables, and Their Associated Statistical Model, for Polarimetric SAR Data
JSTARS-2014-00192

has been carefully reviewed by the J-STARS Editorial Review Board and has not
been recommended for publication at this time.  However, the Editors do
feel that with significant effort and revisions this paper could hold
enough merit to publish.  Therefore you are encouraged to review all
comments submitted by the reviewers and resubmit this paper as a new
manuscript in the future.  Please use the "Submit a Resubmission" link in
your author center if you do choose to submit this paper for re-review.

Below are summary comments from the Editorial Review Board for your
information. Any attached files that may be referenced with these comments
can be accessed in a copy of this decision letter located in your Author
Center on ScholarOne Manuscripts.

Thank you for submitting your manuscript to J-STARS.

Sincerely,

Prof. Jocelyn Chanussot
Editor in Chief, Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing

Associate Editor Comments:
Associate Editor
Comments to the Author:
Dear Dr Le:
Your manuscript entitled " Scalar and Representative Observables, and Their Associated Statistical
Model, for Polarimetric SAR Data", which you submitted to IEEE JSTARS, has been reviewed. The referee
comments are included at the bottom of this letter.
The referee(s) think that the manuscript cannot be published as it is. Therefore, I invite you to revise
your paper according to the referee(s)' comments and resubmit it once all the referee concerns have
been properly addressed.

Reviewer's Comments:
Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
this paper investigates various statistical models for the ratio of the determinant of covariance matrices. Overall it is an interesting paper but some elements are missing in order to ensure a good repeatability of the results.

I'm a little bit sceptical about the derivation of the pdf for the ratio (21) in order to get (23), are you just showing a ratio of chi-squared distributed random variables without actually computing the ratio pdf? usually the derivation of the pdf of the ratio of independent random variables implies an integration using a Jacobian, therefore some details or a reference would be appreciated.

The pdf[] notations could be removed on page 4, we know that we are dealing with pdfs.

p4L55, second column: please define the notation \Lambda in ln(Q), is it the  Wilks's lambda distribution?

Section VI: I'm little surprised that the authors chose to look immediately at real data, I would have expected some Monte-Carlo simulations where the parameter values for the various pdfs are perfectly known (in particular L which is estimated here) and uncertainties about sample homogeneity are also absent. The various histograms are maybe easier to display in a log-probability axis especially for the tail behavior. Also, the various sample sizes should be given as well as the estimated L values.

In Section VI.B, in the multi-dimensional case, it is not clear what analytical relation (if any) similar to (26) was used for computing the model pdfs for R_\Sigma (22) and R_C (23) (related to my first comment).

Reviewer: 2

Comments to the Author
See attached comments
